Clarify need for geth init after changing genesis file (#190)
ConsenSys/doc.goquorum: docs/concepts/privacy/privacy-enhancements.md

ready to transact with privacy-enhanced transactions.
All GoQuorum nodes in the network must be initialized with the same `privacyEnhancementsBlock` value.

!!! note

>     You need to re-run `geth init` when you change the genesis file, this will not delete or modify any current sync process or saved blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You need to re-run `geth init` when you update the genesis file to incorporate the changes. This does not delete or modify any current sync process or saved blocks.
```
